NuGetAuditMode default change respects SdkAnalysisLevel (#3354) (#3356)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1901-NU1904.md

If you do not want NuGet to check for packages with known vulnerabilities during restore, add `<NuGetAudit>false</NuGetAudit>` inside a `<PropertyGroup>` in your project file, or a [`Directory.Build.props` file](/visualstudio/msbuild/customize-by-directory).
If you would like to run NuGet Audit on developer machines, but disable it on CI pipelines, you can take advantage of MSBuild importing environment variables, and create a NuGetAudit environment variable set to `false` in your pipeline definition.

> In NuGet 6.12 (Visual Studio/MSBuild 17.12 and .NET 9.0.100 SDK), NuGet changed the default for `NuGetAuditMode` to `all`, which means report on transitive packages with known vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NuGet 6.12 (Visual Studio/MSBuild 17.12 and .NET 9.0.100 SDK), the default setting for `NuGetAuditMode` was changed to `all`. This means that NuGet will now report on transitive packages with known vulnerabilities.
```

Author: I'll PR this suggestion to main.

Author: https://github.com/NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget/pull/3357
